Add instructions for installing Toolkit from package (#838)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/hyperfunctions/install-toolkit.md

```

## Install Toolkit on self-hosted TimescaleDB
If you're hosting your own TimescaleDB database, you can install Toolkit as an
RPM, Debian, or Ubuntu package. You can also build Toolkit from source.

<procedure>

### Installing Toolkit on Red Hat-based systems

> These instructions use the `dnf` package manager on RHEL, CentOS, and Fedora.

Reviewer: Move this line out of the procedure.

1.  Make sure you have installed TimescaleDB and created a TimescaleDB

>     repository in your `yum` repos. For more information, see [the installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    repository in your `yum` repo.d directory. For more information, see [the installation
```

??

Author: ```suggestion
    repository in your `yum` `repo.d` directory. For more information, see [the installation
```

    instructions for Red Hat-based systems][red-hat-install].
1.  Update your local repository list:
    ```bash
    dnf update
    ```
1.  Install TimescaleDB Toolkit:
    ```bash
    dnf install timescaledb-toolkit-postgresql-14
    ```
1.  Connect to the database where you want to use Toolkit.
1.  Create the Toolkit extension in the database:
    ```sql
    CREATE EXTENSION timescaledb_toolkit;
    ```

</procedure>

<procedure>

### Installing Toolkit on Debian-based systems

> These instructions use the `apt` package manager on Debian and Ubuntu.

Reviewer: Move out of the procedure.
